evidence is mounting that Egypt is
building a holding area for Palestinian
refugees on its border with the Gaza
Strip sources in Egypt say the work is
in response to a possible Israeli
offensive on the gasan city of Rafa
despite International pressure these
satellite images show what appears to be
construction work underway close to the
Egyptian border with Gaza video released
by the britain-based NGO Sinai
foundation for human rights also shows
building going on in the
Egyptian authorities however have denied
making preparations for Palestinians
being forced out of Gaza and they're
urging Israel not to attack
Rafa well for more I'm joined Now by
journalist Karim El gajari who is uh
been following developments from Cairo
uh good to have you with us Karim so uh
what do you make of that the Egyptian
government denying it's preparing for a
possible Palestinian Exodus from Gaza
what are you hearing
well very conflicting input I must say
uh the Egyptian government last evening
U released a statement in which they say
Egypt totally denies reports from
certain foreign media Outlets about
kyu's plans to build shelters for
Palestinians in the vicinity of the
Egyptian border with the Gaza Strip in
the event that they are forcefully
displaced as a result of a bloody
Israeli aggression against them in the
Gaza Strip so a denial from the
government at the same thing same time
what you showed in your report we have
satellite images we have uh the videos
from this sa foundation for human rights
and we have some uh Anonymous security
people in Egypt who were also talking
about that so we as journalists are not
able to go there independently so we
cannot verify any of the claims right so
I mean help us out a little bit here
because it seems to be uh very
controversial for for any of the Arab
states to openly
help Palestinians Escape From The War
Zone that also seems to be the case now
with with Egypt uh sort of keeping
things somewhat in secret or denying it
as we've just heard why do you think
that
is well first there is uh of course
people want to help uh people in in in
the Gaza Strip there's a very moving uh
picture that's going around on social
media this morning that is an Egyptian
farmer who stands there with a cradle of
foods and uh an a truck is passing by
clearly marked for the Gaza Strip and he
takes the the fruits on his graes and
throws them onto the truck so people
really want to help the Palestinians uh
there was also hundreds of trucks coming
trying to get in from the Egyptian side
being blocked by the Israelis uh
Egyptians don't want to be part of a
Palestinian displacement scenario also
in the same statement I quoted before uh
it's written that the complete and
irreversible rejection of any forced or
voluntary displacement of Palestinian
brothers from the Gaza Strip to outside
it especially to the Egyptian lands
because this is a certain liquidation of
the Palestinian issue and a direct
threat to Egyptians security so we have
the security issue for the Egyptians but
we really the I think one of the main
things that don't want to be seen as any
kind of taking part in a Palestinian
displacement uh
scheme because the fear is of course
that people never will be able to get
back all right journalist Kim El gari
there from Cairo Karim thank you so
much you're
welcome